Schema
Each database has some “schema”—the tables and columns into which the data is organized. In cyberchase.db you’ll find a single table, episodes. In the episodes table, you’ll find the following columns:

id, which uniquely identifies each row (episode) in the table
season, which is the season number in which the episode aired
episode_in_season, which is the episode’s number within its given season
title, which is the episode’s title
topic, which identifies the ideas the episode aimed to teach
air_date, which is the date (expressed as YYYY-MM-DD) on which the episode “aired” (i.e., was published)
production_code, which is the unique ID used by PBS to refer to each episode internally





In 1.sql, write a SQL query to list the titles of all episodes in Cyberchase’s original season, Season 1.
In 2.sql, list the season number of, and title of, the first episode of every season.
In 3.sql, find the production code for the episode “Hackerized!”.
In 4.sql, write a query to find the titles of episodes that do not yet have a listed topic.
In 5.sql, find the title of the holiday episode that aired on December 31st, 2004.
In 6.sql, list the titles of episodes from season 6 (2008) that were released early, in 2007.
In 7.sql, write a SQL query to list the titles and topics of all episodes teaching fractions.
In 8.sql, write a query that counts the number of episodes released in the last 6 years, from 2018 to 2023, inclusive.
You might find it helpful to know you can use BETWEEN with dates, such as BETWEEN '2000-01-01' AND '2000-12-31'.
In 9.sql, write a query that counts the number of episodes released in Cyberchase’s first 6 years, from 2002 to 2007, inclusive.
In 10.sql, write a SQL query to list the ids, titles, and production codes of all episodes. Order the results by production code, from earliest to latest.
In 11.sql, list the titles of episodes from season 5, in reverse alphabetical order.
In 12.sql, count the number of unique episode titles.
In 13.sql, write a SQL query to explore a question of your choice. This query should:
Involve at least one condition, using WHERE with AND or OR